docs: add environment storage into v1.26.0 blog post (#4511)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v126.en.md

## `storage init` for environment addons

Previously, `copilot storage init` only supported storage addons attached to workloads: you need to run 
`copilot svc deploy` in order to deploy the storage, and the storage is deleted along with the service
when you run `copilot svc delete`.

Now, you have the option to create environment-level storage addons: the storage is deployed when you run `copilot env deploy`,

> and isn't deleted until you delete the whole environment by running `copilot env delete`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and won't be deleted until you delete the environment by running `copilot env delete`.
```

Author: removed the "whole". I kept "isn't" though since it was suggested by https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/pull/4511#discussion_r1109034727 and looks cleaner

> Similar to the workload-level storage, the environment-level storage is, under the hood, just another [environment addon](../docs/developing/addons/environment.en.md)!

Reviewer: Maybe consider removing it as we use "addons" everywhere?

Author: Boss not sure I follow! Do you mean moving the link to other places or completely removing the link from the blog? It it's the latter, I'm not sure because I feel like a link to env addons would be helpful 🤔

Reviewer: Yeah I think we can keep the link like "Now, you have the option to create [environment-level storage addons](../docs/developing/addons/environment.en.md): the storage..."

Author: I do feel like keeping the link in this place flows better 🤔 🤔 😓 

> "Now, you have the option to create [environment-level storage addons](https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/docs/developing/addons/environment.en.md): the storage..."

People would be disrupted to click into another link in the middle of a sentence.

Whereas 

> Similar to the workload storage, the environment storage is, under the hood, just another [environment addon](http://0.0.0.0:8000/copilot-cli/docs/developing/addons/environment/)!

People will know to investigate what "environment addons" is after having a general/vague understanding of what "environment storage" is compared to "workload storage"

<img width="788" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-17 at 1 20 34 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79273084/219767122-fed6adfe-7397-4361-8197-27c823306da6.png">

### Best Practice By Default

> Following the best practice in the microservice world, Copilot encourages you to set up storages that are each accessible

Reviewer: Would be great to give a link for "best practice in the microservice world" 🤔

Author: ```
### [Database-Per-Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/modernization-data-persistence/database-per-service.html) By Default
In the microservice world, it is generally recommended to set up data storages that are each private to a microservices,
instead of monolith storages that are shared by multiple services.
This pattern preserves the core characteristics of microservices - loose coupling.
Copilot encourages you to follow this database-per-service pattern. By default, a storage resource that Copilot generates
is assumed to be accessed by one service or job.

!!!note ""
	However, each product has its own unique situation. If you do need your data storage to be shared by multiple service,
	you can modify the CloudFormation template that Copilot generates for you to achieve your goal.
```

Changed it to ⬆️. I realized that saying it as "the" best practice may sound arrogant 😓 . Plus there might be legit situation where people do need to share the database.

by only one service, instead of monolith storages that are shared by all microservices. Therefore, Copilot assumes

> that your storage is designed to be accessed by one of your services or jobs, even when it is meant to live and die
> with the environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that your storage is designed to be accessed by one of your services or jobs, even when it shares the same lifecycle with the environment. 
```

Author: I removed the whole clause about "even when it shares the same lifecycle with the environment.". Figured it might help nothing but adding confusion

Here is an example of prompts that you might see.

!!! note ""
	```term
	$ copilot storage init
    What type of storage would you like to create?
    > DynamoDB            (NoSQL)
      S3                  (Objects)
      Aurora Serverless   (SQL)

    Which workload needs access to the storage? 
    > api
      backend

    What would you like to name this DynamoDB Table? movies

    Do you want the storage to be created and deleted with the api service?
      Yes, the storage should be created and deleted at the same time as api
    > No, the storage should be created and deleted at the environment level
	```

You can skip the prompts using the flags. The following command is equivalent to the prompts above:
```console
copilot storage init \
--storage-type "DynamoDB" \
--workload "api" \
--name "movies" \
--lifecycle "environment"
```

After you've answered all the prompts or skipped them by flags, Copilot will generate the CloudFormation template that defines the DynamoDB storage
under your "copilot/environments" directory. In addition, it will generate the necessary access policy; here, one that grants "api" service 

> access to the "movies" storage. The access policy is created as a workload-level addon that lives and dies with your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access to the "movies" storage. The access policy is created as a workload-level addon.
```

Author: Changed it to "The access policy is created as a workload addon, meaning that it is deployed and
deleted at the same time as the "api" service."

## `storage init` for environment addons

> Previously, `copilot storage init` only supports storage addon that is attached to your workload: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, `copilot storage init` only supported storage addons attached to workloads: 
```

Reviewer 2: Also, can we take out the newline to match the "Now" section?

Author: <img width="775" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-16 at 4 59 56 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79273084/219507130-87184c19-463b-4323-805f-de1f4d29e23a.png">

The newline isn't rendered as a new line! It takes two consecutive newline to render a real new line.

you need to run `copilot svc deploy` in order to deploy the storage, and the storage is deleted along with the service
when you run `copilot svc delete`.

> Now, you have the option to create an environment-level storage addon: the storage will be deployed as you run `copilot env deploy`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, you have the option to create environment-level storage addons: the storage is deployed when you run `copilot env deploy`,
```

> and won't be deleted until you delete the whole environment by running `copilot env delete`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and isn't deleted until you delete the whole environment by running `copilot env delete`.
```

> Similar to the workload-level storage, the environment-level storage is under the hood just another [environment addon](../docs/developing/addons/environment.en.md)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the workload-level storage, the environment-level storage is, under the hood, just another [environment addon](../docs/developing/addons/environment.en.md)!
```

### Best Practice By Default
Following the best practice in the microservice world, Copilot encourages you to set up storages that are each accessible
by only one service, instead of monolith storages that are shared by all microservices. Therefore, Copilot assumes
that your storage is designed to be accessed by one of your services or jobs, even when it is meant to live and die
with the environment. Here is an example of prompts that you might see:

```console
$ copilot storage init
  What type of storage would you like to create?
  > DynamoDB            (NoSQL)
    S3                  (Objects)
    Aurora Serverless   (SQL)
    
  Which workload needs access to the storage? 
  > api
    backend
  
  What would you like to name this DynamoDB Table? movies
  
  Do you want the storage to be created and deleted with the api service?
    Yes, the storage should be created and deleted at the same time as api
  > No, the storage should be created and deleted at the environment level
```

After you've answered all the necessary prompts, Copilot will generate the CloudFormation template that defines the DynamoDB storage

> under your `copilot/environments` directory. In addition, it will generate the access policy that grants "api" service 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
under your `copilot/environments` directory. In addition, it will generate the necessary access policy; here, one that grants "api" service 
```

## `storage init` for environment addons

Previously, `copilot storage init` only supported storage addons attached to workloads: you need to run 
`copilot svc deploy` in order to deploy the storage, and the storage is deleted along with the service
when you run `copilot svc delete`.

Now, you have the option to create environment storage addons: the storage is deployed when you run `copilot env deploy`,
and isn't deleted until you delete the environment by running `copilot env delete`.

Similar to the workload storage, the environment storage is, under the hood, just another [environment addon](../docs/developing/addons/environment.en.md)!

### [Database-Per-Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/modernization-data-persistence/database-per-service.html) By Default
In the microservice world, it is generally recommended to set up data storages that are each private to a microservices,

> instead of monolith storages that are shared by multiple services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the microservice world, it is generally recommended to set up data storage resources that are each private to a microservice,
instead of monolith storages that are shared by multiple services.
```

This pattern preserves the core characteristics of microservices - loose coupling.
Copilot encourages you to follow this database-per-service pattern. By default, a storage resource that Copilot generates
is assumed to be accessed by one service or job.

!!!note ""
	However, each product has its own unique situation. If you do need your data storage to be shared by multiple service,

> 	you can modify the CloudFormation template that Copilot generates for you to achieve your goal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	However, each user has their own unique situation. If you do need your data storage to be shared among multiple services,
	you can modify the Copilot-generated CloudFormation template in order to achieve your goal.
```

Here is an example of prompts that you might see.

!!! note ""
	```term
	$ copilot storage init
    What type of storage would you like to create?
    > DynamoDB            (NoSQL)
      S3                  (Objects)
      Aurora Serverless   (SQL)

    Which workload needs access to the storage? 
    > api
      backend

    What would you like to name this DynamoDB Table? movies

    Do you want the storage to be created and deleted with the api service?
      Yes, the storage should be created and deleted at the same time as api
    > No, the storage should be created and deleted at the environment level
	```

You can skip the prompts using the flags. The following command is equivalent to the prompts above:
```console
copilot storage init \
--storage-type "DynamoDB" \
--workload "api" \
--name "movies" \
--lifecycle "environment"
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Love the prompts and flags explanation/demo!

> After you've answered all the prompts or skipped them by flags, Copilot will generate the CloudFormation template that defines the DynamoDB storage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you've answered all the prompts or skipped them by using flags, Copilot will generate the CloudFormation template that defines the DynamoDB storage resource
```

> under your "copilot/environments" directory. In addition, it will generate the necessary access policy; here, one that grants "api" service 

Reviewer 2: or??
```suggestion
under your `copilot/environments` directory. In addition, it will generate the necessary access policy; here, one that grants "api" service 
```

> under your "copilot/environments" directory. In addition, it will generate the necessary access policy; here, one that grants "api" service 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
under your "copilot/environments" directory. In addition, it will generate the necessary access policy; here is one that grants "api" service 
```

Reviewer 2: Also, do we refer to Copilot as "it" elsewhere? 🤔

Author: This is the only place in this section where we do this. Hopefully from the sentence that precedes, it's clear that "it" means Copilot 🤔 ?

Or what do you think of

> After you've answered all the prompts or skipped them by flags, Copilot will generate two CloudFormation template. One that defines the DynamoDB storage under your "copilot/environments" directory, the other that grants "api" service access to the "movies" storage. The access policy is created as a workload addon, meaning that it is deployed and deleted at the same time as the "api" service.
